Documentation improvements from feedback (#14544)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/custom-document.md

export default MyDocument
```

> > The code above is the default `Document` added by Next.js. Feel free to remove it if you don't need to change it.

Reviewer: I think we can be more specific:

```suggestion
> The code above is the default `Document` added by Next.js. Feel free to remove the `getInitialProps` or `render` function from `MyDocument` if you don't need to change them.
```

Author: What I mean by this change is that you can remove the entire file, sure it will work without any of those methods too but it doesn't matter in that case.

<Html lang="en">
```

> The `<Head />` component used here is not the same one from [`next/head`](/docs/api-reference/next/head), to avoid duplicated tags, have a custom `<title>`, or to add dynamic tags, like meta tags, use [`next/head`](/docs/api-reference/next/head) instead.

Reviewer: Sorry, the second half of this sentence didn’t make much sense to me. Maybe:

```suggestion
The `<Head />` component used here is not the same one from [`next/head`](/docs/api-reference/next/head). The `<Head />` component used here should only be used for any `<head>` code that is common for all pages. For all other cases, we recommend using [`next/head`](/docs/api-reference/next/head) in your pages or components.
```

Author: @chibicode Can we make it mention both? it's important that we mention that there are no dynamic tags, that we don't remove duplicated tags (because `next/head` does), and that the `<title>` can cause conflicts
